ah ha ha ha 4 3 2 1
boom thank you thanks for doing this man
really appreciate it hey welcome very
good to meet you nice to meet you too
and thanks for not lighting this place
on fire you're welcome later how does
one just in the middle of doing all the
things you do create cars rockets all
the stuff you're doing constantly
innovating decide to just make
flamethrower where you have the time for
that
well the flame I didn't put a lot of
time into the flamethrower the this was
an off-the-cuff thing and so we're sort
of like it's sort of a sort of a hobby
company called the boring company which
started out as a joke
and we decided to make it real and and
dig a tunnel under LA and then they then
people other people asked us to dig
tunnels and so we said yes in a few
cases da event and then and then we have
a merchandise section that only has one
piece of merchandise at a time and we
started off with a cap and there was
only one thing on it was just boring
company.com slash cap or hat that's it
and then we sold the hats a little bit
limited edition I just said the boring
company and then I'm big fan of
Spaceballs the movie and in Spaceballs
yogurt goes through the merchandising
section and they have a flamethrower in
the merchandising section of space bulls
and eat like the kids love that one
best line when he pulls up claims
they're always like we should do a
flamethrower so we does anybody tell you
know does anybody go Ilan um maybe for
yourself but selling a flamethrower the
liabilities all the people you're
selling this device to what kind of
unhinged people are gonna be buying a
flamethrower in the first place do you
really want to connect ourselves to all
these potential arsonists yeah it's a
terrible idea
terrible sin by one I took I said don't
buy this flamethrower don't buy it don't
buy it that's what I said but still
people bought it yeah there's nothing I
can do to stop them it's you I said
don't buy it it's a bad idea
how many did you make you it's dangerous
it's got it's wrong don't buy it
still people bought it like I just
couldn't stop them how many did you make
twenty thousand and they're all gone
in three I think four days it sold out
in four days are you gonna do a another
run no no that's it yes well I said we
would do 20 but we did 50 thousand 50
thousand hats at and and that was a
million dollars and it ok we'll we'll
sell something and have for 10 million
and that was 20,000 flamethrowers at
$500 each they went fast how do you how
do you have the time to do that though I
mean I understand that it's not a big
deal
in terms of all the other things you do
but how do you have time to do anything
I just I don't understand your time
management skills I mean it didn't spend
much time on this flamethrower I mean to
be totally Frank
it's actually just a roofing torch with
an air rifle cover it's not a real
flamethrower which is why it says not a
flamethrower that's why we were very
clear this is not actually a
flamethrower and and and it also we're
told that various countries would would
ban shipping of it but they would not
they would ban flamethrowers so we're
very to solve this problem for all the
customs agencies we labeled it not a
flamethrower yeah work is it effective I
don't know I think so yeah so far yes no
but you do that you cannot refrain
thrower but you do so many different
things I forget about the flamethrower
like how do you do all that other shit
how do you how do you how does one
decide to fix la traffic by drilling
holes in the ground and who do you even
approach with that like when you have
this idea who do you talk to about that
I mean I'm not saying it's gonna be
successful or so you know I know it's
like asserting that's gonna be
successful but so far I have lived in LA
for 16 years and the traffic has always
been terrible and so I don't see any
other like ideas for improving the
traffic so in desperation we're going to
take a tunnel and maybe that tunnel be
successful and maybe it won't I'm
listening
yeah I'm not trying to convince you it's
gonna work and are the people that
you're anyone but you're you were
starting this though this is actually a
project you're starting to implement
right yeah no we've dug about a mile
it's quite long take a long time to walk
it yeah now when you're doing this what
is the ultimate plan the ultimate plan
is to have these in major cities and
anywhere there's mass congestion and
just try it out in LA first yeah it's
it's in LA because I mostly live in LA
that's the reason it's a terrible place
to dig tunnels this is a one of the
worst place to dig tunnels because the
there's mostly because of the paperwork
you'll think it's like what about
seismic it's like actually both tunnels
are very safe in earthquakes why is that
earthquake so what earthquakes are
essentially a surface phenomenon it's
like like waves on the ocean so if you
if there's a storm you want to be on the
on in a submarine mmm so bringing
tunnels like being in a submarine now
the way the tiles construct is it's
constructed out of these interlocking
segments kind of like a snake it's sort
of like a snake exoskeleton with double
seals and so even when the ground moves
the its able to the tunnel actually is
able to shift along with the ground like
an underground snake and it doesn't
crack or break or or and and it's
extremely unlikely that both seals would
be broken and it's it's it's capable of
taking five atmospheres of pressure it's
waterproof methane proof or gas proof of
any kind
and meets all California seismic
requirements so when you have this idea
who do you bring this to I'm not sure
what you mean by that well when you
you're you're implementing it so you're
digging holes the ground but you have to
bring it to someone that lets you do it
yeah so there were there were some
engineers from SpaceX who were who
thought it would be cool to do this and
the guy who runs it like day to day
Steve Davis he's long time SpaceX
engineer he's great so Steve was like
I'd like to help make this happen was it
cool so we started off with digging a
hole in the ground
it's got like a permit for a pit big pit
and just dug a big pit and you have to
tell them what the pits for or you just
say hey would just one dig a hole nice
fill out this form that's it yeah I was
putting our parking lot and but do you
have to give them some sort of a
blueprint for your ultimate idea and do
they have to approve it like how does
that work
now we just started off with a pit okay
big pit and that you know it's not
really a you know don't really care
about the existential nature of a pit
you just say like I don't want a bit
right yeah and it's all on the ground so
then we got the permit for the pit and
we dug the pit and we dug it and like
I'd have three days to three days
actually link to 48 hours something like
that because Eric Carr said he was
coming by for the hype - he was going to
attend the Hyperloop competition which
is like a student competition we have
four who can make the fastest part in
the Hyperloop and he was coming the
Swiss get the finals are gonna be on
Sunday afternoon and so Eric was coming
by on Sunday afternoon was like you know
we should take this pitch and then like
show Eric so we was like Friday morning
and then yeah so is about blue over 40
hours 40 hours later we dug the pit
there's like we're in 24/7 Oh 24 for 48
straight hours
like that and dug this big pit and and
and we're like showed Erik the pit like
obviously is just a pit but hey it's
hole in the ground better than no hole
in the ground and what do you tell me
about this pet I'm in you said this is
the starting of this idea yes we're
gonna build tunnels under LA to help
funnel traffic better and there go and
they just go okay that but that we've
joked around about this in the podcast
before to like what other person can go
to the people that run the city and go
hey I'm gonna dig some holes on the
ground put some tunnels in there and
they go oh yeah ok no no we're the hole
in the ground but it's a people dig
holes in the ground all the time but
Mike my question is like I know how much
time you must be spending on your Tesla
factory I know how much time you must be
spending on SpaceX and yet you still
have time to dig holes under the ground
in LA and come up with these ideas and
then implement I'm like I had a million
ideas I'm sure you did no shortage of
that yeah I just don't know how you
manage your time I don't understand it
it doesn't seem it doesn't even seem
humanly possible you know I do basically
I think people's like don't totally
understand what I do with my time they
think like I'm a business guy or
something like that like my Wikipedia
page says business magnate what would
you call yourself a business magnate
please change my Wikipedia page to
magnet it's locked so somebody has to be
able to unlock it and change it to
magnets I'm going to be a magnet no I do
engineering and you know and
manufacturing and that kind of thing
that's like 80% or more of my time ideas
and then the implementation of those
ideas that's like hard core engineering
like you know designing things you know
right structural mechanical electrical
software user interface engineering
aerospace engineering but you must
understand there's not a whole lot of
human beings like you you know that
right - you're an odd isms yes
- chimps like me we're all chimps yeah
we are we're one not we're not
Bertrand some of us are a little more
confused when I watch you doing all
these things I'm like how does this
motherfucker have all this time and all
this energy and all these ideas and then
people just let him do these things
because I'm an alien
that's what I've speculated yes I'm on
record saying this in the past
I wonder it's true if there was one I
was like if there was like maybe an
intelligent being that we created you
know like some AI creature
that's a superior to people maybe they
just hang around with us for a little
while like you've been doing and then
fix a bunch shit maybe that's the way my
rotation or something like that you
might do you think you do probably do
you wonder like we around normal people
you're like hmm like what's up with
these boring dumb motherfuckers ever not
bad for a human but I think I will not
be able to hold a candle to AI hmm you
scare the shit out of me when you talk
about AI between you and Sam Harris
consider it until I had a podcast with
Sam wants everything right
he made me shit my pants I'm talking
about AI I realized like oh well this is
a genie that once it's out of the bottle
you're never getting it back in that's
true there was a video that you tweeted
about one of those Boston dynamic robots
you know like in the future it'll be
moving so fast you can't see without a
strobe light yeah you could probably do
that right now and no one's really
paying attention to much other than
people like you or people that are
really obsessed with technology all
these things are happening and these
robots are and did you see the one where
it Peeta put out a statement that you
shouldn't kick robots it's probably not
wise for retribution if their memory is
very good I bet it's really good it's
really good I bet it is yes and getting
better every day
is it really good are you honestly
legitimately concerned about this are
you is like AI one of your main worries
in regards to the future yes it
it's less of a worry than it used to be
mostly due to taking more of a
fatalistic attitude hmm so you used to
have more hope and you gave up some of
it and now you don't work as much about
AI you're like this is just what it is
yet pretty much it's no it's not
necessarily bad it's just it's
definitely gonna be outside of human
control not necessarily bad right yes
not it's not necessarily bad it's just
it's just outside of human control now
the thing that's going to be tricky here
is that it's going to be very tempting
to use AI as a weapon it's gonna be very
tempting in fact it will be use as
weapon so the the the the on ramp to
serious AI the danger is going to be
more humans using it against each other
I think most likely that'll be the
danger yeah how far do you think we are
from something that can make its own
mind up whether or not something's
ethically or morally correct or whether
or not it wants to do something or
whether or not it wants to improve
itself whether or not it wants to
protect itself from people or from other
AI how far away we something from
something that's really truly sentient
well I mean you could not argue that any
group of people like it like a company
is essentially a cybernetic collective
of people and machines that's what a
company is and then there are different
there's different levels of complexity
and the way these companies are formed
and then there are sort of is this like
a collective AI in in the Google sort of
search Google search you know the
we're we're also plugged in is like like
nodes on the network like leaves on a
big tree or world feeding this network
without questions and answers we're all
collectively programming Vai and the and
Google+
the older humans that connect to it are
one giant cybernetic collective this is
also true of Facebook and Twitter and
Instagram
and all these social networks they're
giant cybernetic collectives humans and
electronics all interfacing and
constantly now constantly connected yes
constantly one of things that I've been
thinking about a lot over the last few
years is that one of the things that
drives a lot of people crazy is how how
many people are obsessed with
materialism and getting the latest
greatest thing and I wonder how much of
that is well a lot of it is most
certainly fueling technology and
innovation and it almost seems like it's
built into us it's like what we like and
what we want that we're fueling this
thing that's constantly around us all
the time and it doesn't seem possible
that people are gonna pump the brakes it
doesn't seem possible at this stage
we're constantly expecting the newest
cell phone
the latest Tesla update the newest
MacBook Pro everything has to be newer
and better and that's going to lead to
some incredible point and it seems like
it's built into us it almost seems like
it's an instinct that we we're working
towards this that we'd like it mm-hmm
our job just like the ants build the
anthill our job is to somehow know the
fuel this yes I mean I mean that's
current some some years ago but it feels
like we are the biological bootloader
for AI effectively we are building it
and then we're building progressively
greater intelligence and the percentage
of intelligence that is not human is
increasing
and eventually we will represent a very
small percentage of intelligence but the
the AI is informed strangely by the
human limbic system it is in large part
our it'd writ large how so we mentioned
all those things the sort of primal
drives mm-hmm
there's all old things that we like and
hate and fear they're all there on the
Internet
they're projection of a limbic system no
it makes sense then the thinking of it
as a I mean think of thinking of
corporations and just thinking of just
human beings communicating online
through these social media networks as
some sort of an organism that's a it's a
cyborg it's a it's a combination it's a
combination of electronics and biology
yeah this is it's um it's a measure like
it's the success of these online systems
is the is a is sort of a function of of
how much limbic resonance they're able
to achieve with people the more limbic
resonance the more engagement hmm
whereas like one of the reasons why I
probably Instagram is more enticing than
Twitter Olympic residence yeah you get
more images more video yes
tweaking your system more yes do you
worry about or wonder in fact about what
the next step is I mean a lot of people
didn't see Twitter coming that you know
communicate with 140 characters or 280
now would be a thing that people would
be interested in like it's gonna Excel
it's gonna become more connected to us
right
yes things are getting more more
connected there at this point
constrained by bandwidth our input
output is slow particularly output
awkward got worse with thumbs you know
we just have input with 10 10 fingers
and now we have thumbs
but images are just are also there a way
of communicating at high bandwidth take
pictures and you send pictures to people
what sends that's that communicates far
more information than you can
communicate with your thumbs so what
happened with you where you decided or
you took on a more fatalistic attitude
like what was there any specific thing
or was it just the inevitability of our
future
I try to convince people to slow down
slow down
AI to regulate AI this was futile I
tried for years this you nobody seen in
a movie robots could fucking take over
you're freaking me out nobody listened
nobody listened no one are people more
inclined to listen today it seems like
an issue that's brought up more often
over the last few years than it was
maybe five ten years ago it seemed like
science fiction maybe they will so far
they haven't I think people don't like
the normally of the way that regulations
work it's very slow very slow indeed so
usually will be something some of your
technology it will cause damage or death
there will be an outcry there will be an
investigation years will pass there will
be some sort of insight committee there
will be rulemaking then there will be
oversight eventually regulations this
all takes many years this is the normal
course of things if you look at say
water motive regulations how long did it
take for seatbelts to be to be
implemented to be required you know the
water industry fort seatbelts I think
for more than a decade successfully
fought any regulations on seatbelts even
though the numbers were extremely
obvious if you had a seatbelts on
you would be far less likely to die or
be seriously injured
it was unequivocal and the industry
fought this for years successfully
eventually after many many people died
regulators insisted on these belts this
is this time frame is not relevant to AI
you can't take ten years from the point
which is dangerous it's too late
and you feel like this is decades away
or years away from being too late if you
have this fatalistic attitude and you
feel like it's going we're in a almost
like a doomsday countdown it's not
necessarily a doomsday countdown it's
it's a out-of-control countdown out of
control yeah
people call it the singularity and
that's that's probably good way to think
about it it's a Sinclair it's hard to
predict like a black hole what what
happens past the event horizon right so
once it's implemented it's very
different because it was out of bottle
what's gonna happen and it will be able
to improve itself right yes that's where
it gets spooky right the idea that it
can do thousands of years of innovation
we're very very quickly yeah and then
we'll be just ridiculous ridiculous we
will be like this ridiculous biological
shitting pissing thing trying to stop
the gods no stop we like we like living
with a finite lifespan and and watching
you know Norman Rockwell paintings it
could be terrible and it could be great
it's not clear right but what one thing
is for sure we will not control it do
you think that it's likely that we will
merge somehow or another with this sort
of technology and it'll augment what we
are now or do you think it will replace
us well that's the snart the merge
scenario with AI is the one that seems
like probably the best like for us yes
like if you if you can't beat it join it
that's yeah you know so from a long-term
existential standpoint that's like the
purpose of neural link is to create a
high bandwidth interface to the brain
such that we can be somatic with AI
because we have a bandwidth problem you
just can't communicate through lingo
that's too slow
and where's neural link at right now I
think we'll have something interesting
to announce in a few months that's at
least an order of magnitude better than
anything else probably I think better
than probably few anyone thinks is
possible how much can you talk about
that right now
I don't jump the gun on that but what's
like the ultimate what's what's the idea
behind like what are you trying to
accomplish with it what would you like
best-case scenario I think best case
scenario we effectively merge with AI
where we a is serves as a tertiary
cognition layer where we've got the
limbic system kind of the primitive
brain essentially you've got the cortex
so you're currently in a symbiotic
relationship with your cortex and limbic
system are in a somatic relationship and
generally people like their cortex and
they like the Olympic system I haven't
met anyone who wants to delete their
limbic system or delete their cortex how
everybody seems to like both and the
cortex is mostly in service to the
limbic system people may think that that
that their that the thinking part of
themselves is in charge but it's mostly
their limbic system that's in charge and
the cortex is trying to make the limbic
system happy that's what most of that
computing power is aren't towards how
can I make the limbic system happy
that's what it's trying to do now if we
do have a third layer which is the AI
extension of yourself that is also
somatic and there's enough bandwidth
between the cortex and the AI extension
of yourself such that the AI doesn't de
de facto separate then that could be a
good outcome that could be quite a
positive outcome for the future so
instead of replacing us it will
radically change our capabilities yes it
will enable anyone who wants to have
superhuman cognition anyone who wants
this is not a matter of earning power
because you're earning power would be
vastly greater after you do it so it's
just like anyone who once can just do it
in theory that's the theory and and if
that's the case then and let's say
billions of people do it then the
outcome for Humanity will be the sum of
of human will the sum of billions of
people's desire for the future billions
of people with enhanced cognitive
ability radically enhance yes and that
which would be it but how much different
than people today look if you if you had
to explain it to a person who didn't
really not understand what you're saying
how much different are you talking about
when you say radically improve like what
do you mean you mean mine read it will
be difficult to to really appreciate the
difference it's got like how much
smarter are you with a phone or computer
than without it's you're vastly smarter
actually you know you can answer any
question which if you're connected to
the Internet you can answer any question
pretty much instantly any calculation
that your phone's memory is essentially
perfect
you can remember flawlessly your foot
your phone can remember videos pictures
and everything perfectly
that's the that your phone is already an
extension of you you're already a cyborg
you don't even almost relearn rise they
are already a cyborg if that phone is an
extension of yourself it's just that the
the data rate the rate at which the
communication rate between you and the
cybernetic extension of yourself that is
your phone and computer is slow it's
very slow and and that that
it's like a tiny stroll of information
flow between your biological self and
your digital self and we need to make
that tiny stroll like a giant river huge
high bandwidth interface interface
problem data rate problem so the data
rate problem that I think I think we can
hang on to human-machine symbiosis
through the long term and then people
may decide that they want to retain
their biological self or not I think
they'll probably choose sort a novelette
by electrical self versus some sort of
Ray Kurzweil scenario where they
download themselves into a computer you
will be essentially snapshot it into a
computer at any time if your biological
self dies you could just probably just
upload into a new unit literally down
the rabbit hole grab that sucker give me
some of that this is too freaky see if I
was thinking about this for a long time
by the way I believe yeah if I was
talking to one one cheers by the way
chairs yeah this is great whiskey thank
you I know where this came from who
brought this to us trying to remember
somebody gave it to us old camp whoever
goes Thanks yeah it is good
um this is just inevitable again going
back to your when you decided to be half
of this fatalistic view points so you
warrant you tried to warn people you
talked about this pretty extensively
I've read several interviews where you
talked about this and then you just sort
of just said okay just is well it's just
and you in a way you're by communicating
the potential for you I mean for sure
you're you're getting the warning out to
some people yeah yeah I mean if I was
really going on the warning quite quite
a lot I was warning everyone I could
you've met with Obama and just for one
reason look just about a yes and What
did he say
so what about Hillary or
no I he listened he certainly listened
I met with Congress I met with I was out
of meeting of all 50 governors and
talked about just a a I danger and I
fucked everyone I good it wouldn't seem
to realize where this was going
is it that or do they just assume that
someone smarter than them is already
taking care of it because when people
hear about something like AI it's almost
abstract it's almost it's almost like
it's so it's so hard to wrap your head
around it by the time it already happens
it'll be too late
yeah I think they didn't quite her to
understand it or didn't think it was
near term or not sure what to do about
it and I said like you know an obvious
thing to do is to just establish a
committee government committee to gain
insight you know before before you
oversight before you do make regulations
you should like try to understand what's
going on and then if you have a insight
committee and once they learn what's
going on get up to speed then they can
make maybe some rules or propose some
rules and and that would be probably a
safer way to go about things it seems I
mean I know that it's probably something
that the government's supposed to handle
but it seems like I wouldn't want the I
don't want the government to handle this
who do you want - I want you to handle
oh geez yeah I feel like you're the one
who could ring the bell better cuz if if
Mike Pence starts talking about a I'm
like shut up bitch you don't know
anything about AI come on man he hasn't
always talking about hey but I don't
have the power to regulate other
companies right maybe companies could
agree maybe there could be some sort of
a there's we have agreements where
you're not supposed to dump toxic waste
into the ocean you're not supposed to do
certain things it could be terribly
damaging even though they would be
profitable maybe this is one of those
things maybe we should realize that you
can't hit the switch on something that's
going
to be able to think for itself and make
up its own mind as to whether or not it
wants to survive or not
and whether or not thinks you're a
threat and whether or not thinks you're
useless like why do I keep this dumb
finite life-form alive why why keep this
thing around it's just stupid it just
keeps polluting everything shitting
everywhere it goes lighting everything
on fire and shooting each other why
would I keep this stupid thing alive
because sometimes it makes good music
you know sometimes it makes great movies
sometimes it makes beautiful art and
sometimes it you know sometimes it's
cool to hang out with all those reasons
yeah for us those are great reasons yes
but for anything objectives standing
outside let go this is definitely a
flawed system this is like if you went
to the jungle and you watch these chimps
engage in warfare and beat each other up
short with meetings they're fucking real
mean fucking mean they're real mean it's
like movie chimpanzees yeah there wasn't
really anything like cow what movie was
that literally called chimpanzee whoo
yeah yeah it's kind of like a
documentary I was like damn these chimps
or mean they're mean yeah they're cruel
yeah they're they're calculated yeah
yeah they sneak up on each other and
like I didn't realize chimps did
calculated cruelty mm-hmm yeah oh it's
pretty I left that meeting kind of
inking whoa this is dark right well we
know better because we've advanced but
if we hadn't we'd be like man I don't
want to fucking live in a house I like
the chimp ways bro chimp ways to go this
is it man chimp life life right now but
we in a way to the AI might be like
those chimps I'm like these stupid fucks
launching missiles out of drones and
shoot each other underwater like we're
crazy we got torpedoes and submarines
and fucking airplanes that drop nuclear
bombs and discriminately on cities or
assholes yeah they might go why are they
doing this
it might like look at our politics look
at what we do in terms of our food
system look what kind of food we force
down each other's throats and they might
go these people crazy don't even look
out for themselves I don't know I make
how much do we think about chimps not
much very little it's like
these chumps are at war there he's like
look it's like groups of chimps just
attack each other and they kill each
other they torture each other that's
pretty bad they hunt monkeys there but
like this is probably the most but you
know I mean when's the last time you
drove white chimps let me yeah all the
time
you do talk okay what caste okay yeah
I'm obsessed I saw that David
Attenborough documentary on chimps when
they were eating those colobus monkeys
and ripping them apart it's just wow
that's many many years ago and just
changed how I go oh this is why people
are so crazy we came from that thing
yeah exactly
yeah there's the bonobos yeah I gotta
like better philosophy yeah they're like
swingers there they seem to be way more
even than us way more civilized he just
seemed resolved everything with sex yeah
the only rules they have is the mom
won't bang the son that's it okay that's
it mom won't bang your sons
they're good women yeah good women in
the bonobo community everybody else just
banging it out
yeah I haven't seen the bonobo movie
well they're disturbing just at a zoo
you know you have bonobos at the zoo
just constantly going Heisley fucking
yeah and they don't care gay straight
whatever this is fuck
I haven't seen one of us at a zero it's
probably like don't think not not on the
PG section yeah I don't think they have
them at many zoos we've looked at me
pretty awkward I think that's the thing
they like to keep regular chimps at zoos
cuz bonobos are just always jacking off
what's that they up in San Diego really
interesting item yeah I mean how many
other in a cage you know thing Brian
it's gonna be pretty intense yeah yeah
yeah we're we're a weird thing
you know and I've often wondered if
whether or not weird you know our
ultimate goal is to give birth to some
new thing and that's why we're so
obsessed with technology because it's
not like this technology's really I mean
it's certain
enhancing our lives to in a certain way
but is I mean ultimately is it making
people happier right now most technology
I would say no in fact you and I were
talking about social media before this
about just not having Instagram when
you're following and not dealing you
feel better yes I think but one of the
issues with social media that's been
pointed out by many people is that I
think may be particularly Instagram
people look like they have a much better
life than they really do right so by
design yeah people are posting pictures
of when they're really happy they're
modifying those pictures to be better
looking even if they're not modifying
the pictures there at least selecting
the pictures for the best lighting the
best angle so people basically seem
they're way better looking than they
basically really are right and they're
way happier seeming than they really are
so if you look at everyone on Instagram
you might think man they're all these
happy beautiful people and I'm not that
good looking and I am NOT happy so I
must suck you know and that's gonna make
you feel sad so when in fact those
people you think are super happy
actually not that happy some of them are
really depressed
they're very sad some of the happiest
seeing people actually some of the
saddest people in reality and and and
nobody looks good all the time doesn't
matter who you are no it's not even
something you should want why do you
look great all the time okay exactly so
so I think I think things like that can
make people quite sad just by comparison
because you just sort of you you people
people generally could think of
themselves relative to to others it's
it's a will constantly re rebased lining
our expectations and you can see they
say if you watch some show like naked
and afraid or if you just go and try
living in the woods by yourself for a
while
and you like the light civilization is
quite great hazlit's lot of its people
want to come back to civilization pretty
fast on the head and afraid
wasn't that a thorough quote the
comparison is the thief of joy yeah of
happiness is reality - expectations
that's great - but the comparison is the
thief of joy really holds true to peep
is it Theodore Roosevelt Roosevelt
fascinating in when you're thinking
about Instagram because what essentially
Instagram is with a lot of people is
you're giving them the opportunity to be
their own PR agent and they always go
towards the glamorous you know and when
anybody does show you know hashtag no
filter
they really do do that like oh you're so
brave look at you no makeup no yeah they
look good anyway you look great what you
doing oh my god you don't have makeup on
you still look hot as fuck you know what
you're doing I know what you're doing -
they're they're they're letting you know
and then they're feeding off that
comment section ooh
just a little sitting there like like
it's a fresh stream of love like you're
getting right up to the source as it
comes out of the earth and you're
sucking that's a lot of emojis water
Modi emojis yeah a lot of orgies my
concern is not so much what Instagram is
is that I didn't think that people had
the need for this or the expectation for
some sort of technology that allows them
to constantly get love and adulation
from strangers and comments and and this
ability to project this sort of
distorted version of who you really are
but I worry about where it goes like
what's the next one what's the next one
like where is it is it going to be
augmented some sort of a weird augmented
or virtual sort of Instagram type
situation where you're not gonna want to
live in this real world you're gonna
want to interface with this sort of
world that you've created through your
social media page some next-level thing
yeah go live in the simulation yeah
maybe in the singular I'm ready player
one type shit that's real that seems we
have that HTC vive here and I've only
done it a couple times quite honestly
because it kind of freaks me out or my
kids fucking love it man they love it
they love playing these weirdo games
and and walking around with that headset
on but part of me watching them do it
goes wow I wonder if this is like the
precursor just sort of like if you look
at that phone that Gordon Gekko had on
the beach
yeah a cell phone yeah if you pair that
to like a Galaxy Note 9 how the fuck did
that become that right and I wonder when
I see this HTC vive I'm like what is
that thing going to be 10 years from now
when we're making fun of what it is now
what is it how I mean how ingrained and
how how how connected and interconnected
is this technology going to be in our
life it will be at some point
indistinguishable from reality where
we'll lose this we'll lose this like you
and I are just looking each other
through our eyes I see where you see me
I think I hope you think so I think you
probably over at regular eyes this could
be some simulation it could do you
entertain that well the argument for the
simulation I think is quite strong
because if you assume any improvements
at all over time any improvement 1% 0.1%
just extend the timeframe make it a
thousand years a million years the
universe is 13.8 billion years old
or would a civilization if you count it
if you're very generous civilization is
maybe seven or eight thousand years old
if you count it from the first writing
this is nothing this is nothing so if
you assume any rate of improvement at
all then games will be indistinguishable
from reality or civilization will end
one of those two things will occur
although we are most likely in a
simulation or we're ensuite system right
well we could most certainly be on the
road we could be on the road to that
right it doesn't mean that it has to a
pretty intense reality it could be in
base reality we could be here now on our
way to the road or on our way to the
destination where this can never happen
again where we are completely ingrained
in some sort of an artificial technology
or some sort of a symbiotic relationship
with the internet or the next level of
sharing information but right now we're
not there yet
that's possible too right it's possible
that a simulation is one day going to be
inevitable that we're gonna have
something that's indistinguishable from
regular reality but maybe we're not
there yet that's also possible when yes
quite yet that this is real when I touch
that feels very real maybe that's why
everybody's like into like mason jars
and shit amazing suede shoes people are
into like craft restaurants and they
wouldn't want raw wood everyone says
everyone ought to see metal people it
seems like people are like longing
towards some weird log cabin tightness
around reality yeah I like holding on
like clinging just sure dragging their
nails through the mud like don't take me
it yes I want to walk but then but then
people will go get a mason jar with the
wine stem or a handle that's dark mist
we lose faith in humanity wine stem and
a handle they have those yes oh those
dirty people
oh that's just assholes that's like
people make pet rocks ruff all right
this is some people are just assholes
they take advantage of our generous
nature which was made with the wine stem
I made with handle oh they made it that
way yeah so the one way you've gone to
the Mesa job you thought that would be
fine if there was they glued it on or
something right no mailers made that way
white trash chic oh this is disgusting
yep this is terrible yeah that's like
fake breasts that are designed to be
hard like fake breasts from the 60s
it's like if you're really long for the
ones with ripples here we go
yeah it's almost what that is yeah what
are you gonna do man it's not nothing
you know something you do stop certain
terrible ideas from propagating yeah
anyway I don't want to sound like like
thanks for too dark because I think like
you kind of have to be optimistic about
the future there's no point in being
pessimistic it's just too negative
it doesn't help you know I think you
want to be I mean my theory is like
you'd rather be optimistic I think it
rod I'd rather be optimistic and wrong
than pessimistic and right right at
least or on that side right yeah is if
you're pessimistic it's going to be in
this rule yeah yeah and nobody wants to
be around you anyway if it's the end of
the world you like a folk told you bro
yeah the world ending yeah it is great
for all I mean enjoy the journey right
if you really want to get morose I mean
it is what it is for all of us anyway we
were all gonna go unless some something
changes yeah you know I mean ultimately
you know even if we just sort of existed
as humans forever we'd be we'd still
eventually that'd be like the heat death
of the universe right as well in years
from now right now if we get it past the
Sun if we can figure out a way past the
Sun running out of juice eventually it's
gonna end it's just a session of when
right so really it's all about the
journey hmm or transcendence from
whatever we are now into something that
doesn't worry about death the universe
as we know it will dissipate into a fine
mist of cold nothingness eventually and
then someone's gonna bottle it and put a
fragrance to it sell it to French people
in another dimension it's just a very
long time yeah I think it's really just
about how can we make it last longer
are you a proponent of the multi
universes theory do you believe that
there are many many universes and that
even if this one fades
that there's other ones that are
starting fresh right now and there's an
infinite number of them and they're just
constantly in this never-ending cycle of
birth and death I think most likely this
is just about probability there are many
many simulations these simulations are
we might as well call them reality or
you could call them multiverse
these simulations you believe are
created like someone has managed they're
running on the substrate so that
substrate is probably boring boring
mm-hmm how so
well when we create a simulation like a
game or a movie
it's a distillation of what's
interesting about life you know like it
takes take a year to shoot an action
movie and then that's all distilled down
into two or three hours so let me tell
you if you see an action movie being
filmed it's freaking boring
super boring takes there's like lots of
takes so everything's in a green screen
looks pretty goofy doesn't look cool but
once you add the CGI and have great
editing it's amazing so I think most
likely if we're a simulation it's really
boring outside the simulation because
why would you make a simulation that's
boring it makes simulation way more
interesting the base reality that is if
this right now is a simulation yes and
ultimately inevitably we're if as long
as we don't die or get hit by a meteor
we're going to create some sort of
simulation if we continue on the same
technological path where we're on right
now yes but we might not be there yet
so it might not be a simulation here but
it most likely is you feel other places
this notion of place or where is is a
flawed
yes flawed version like that if you have
this sort of that vibe you know that's
made by valve and steam and it's really
valve
but made it HCC to the hardware but it's
really a valve thing
makers of half-life yes hmm
valve great company great company when
you're in the and that's in that virtual
reality which is only gonna get better
where are you where are you really right
you aren't anywhere well where is in the
computer what well you know what defines
where you are exactly right it's your
perception is it your perceptions or is
it you know a scale that we have under
your but you're right here I've measured
you you're the same weight as you where
when you left
oh you mean while your experience I
didn't think you're where you are right
now you might not be i'll spark up joy
if you keep talking your managers gonna
come in here we might have to lock the
door right now you think you're in a
studio in LA that's what I heard you
might be in a computer oh listen man I
think about this all the time yeah I
mean it's unquestionable that one day
that'll be the case as long as we keep
going as long as nothing interrupts us
and if we start from scratch and you
know we're single-celled organisms all
over again
and then millions and millions of years
later we become the next thing that is
us with creativity and the ability to
change this environment it's gonna keep
monkeying with things until it figures
out a way to change reality to change I
mean to almost like punch a hole through
what is this thing into what what it
wants it to be and create new things and
then those new things will intersect
with other people's new things and then
it'll be this ultimate pathway of
infinite ideas and expression all
through technology yeah and then we're
wondering we're gonna wonder like why
are we here what are we doing let's find
out well I mean I think we should take
the actions the set of actions that are
most likely to make the future better
yes right Yeah right
right and then we evaluate those actions
to make sure they're there that it's
true well I think there's a movement to
that
mean in terms of like a social movement
I think some of its misguided and some
of its exaggerated and there's a lot of
a lot of people that are fighting for
their side out there but it seems like
the general trend of like social
awareness seems to be much more
heightened now than has ever been in any
other time in history
because of our ability to express
ourselves instantaneously to each other
through Facebook or Twitter or
what-have-you
and that the trend is to abandon
preconceived notions abandoned prejudice
abandoned discrimination and promote
kindness and happiness as much as
possible look at this knife somebody
gave it to me
sorry yeah what isn't fuck you do my
friend Donny brought this with him and
it just stayed here I have a real
samurai sword trying to play with that I
know you're into weapons that's from the
1500s samurais at the end of the table
yeah that's cool I'll grab it hold on
that's legit samurai sword from an
actual samurai from the 1500s if you
pull out that blade that blade was made
the old way where a master craftsman
folded that metal and hammered it down
over and over again over a long period
of time and honed that blade into what
it is now what's crazy is that more than
500 years later that thing is still
pristine I mean whoever took care of
that and pass it down to the next person
who took care of it and and you know
until it got to the podcast room it's
pretty fucking crazy yeah one day
someone's gonna be looking at a Tesla
like that yeah he's fucking back doors
they pop up sideways like a Lamborghini
you should see what Tesla can do yeah
you didn't you should I'll show you
after quadrant one I love them yeah but
most people don't know what it can do in
terms of like ludicrous mode in terms
like driving super fast and responsibly
on public roads is everything the
waiting car can do that yeah what could
it do that
that I need to know about I mean the
Model X can do this like ballet thing to
the trans-siberian Orchestra it's pretty
cool where it dances yes yes duh why
would you program that in the car seemed
like fun
that's what I get about you that's
what's weird
like when you showed up here you were
all smiles and you pull out a fucking
blowtorch and not a blowtorch but I'm
like let's do the flamethrower not a
flamethrower Mike here it's definitely
not lately you're you're having fun like
this is uh like this thing when you know
you program a car to do a ballet dance
very fun but how do you have the time to
do that understand why are you digging
holes under the earth incentive rockets
into space and and and power and people
in Australia like how the fuck do you
have time to make the car dance ballet
well I mean in that case there were some
engineers at Tesla that said you know
what if we make this car dance and play
music I was like that sounds great
please do it let's try to get it done in
time for Christmas we did does your
concern about someone just losing their
mind and making it do that in the
highway no it won't do that what if it's
in bumper-to-bumper traffic no no won't
do it
nope it's actually you have to just an
easter egg oh yeah that's why people
don't know about it
including people have the car well it's
like it can do lots of things lots of
things once read it gets a hold of it
everyone's oh you just have to it's
everyone if you search for it on the
internet you will find out but people
don't know that they should even search
for it oh well they do now yes yes there
are so many things about the Model X and
the Model S and the model 3 that's
people don't know about we should
probably do a video or something and
explain it because I've have two close
friends of mine and I say do you know
the car can do this and they're like
nope do you want to do a video that do
you like the fact that some people don't
know no I think it's probably not we
should tell people yeah probably yeah
that would help your product I mean it's
not like you don't sell enough of them
you sell almost too many of them right
the I mean I think a Tesla
it's the most fun thing you could
possibly buy ever
that's what it's meant to be well our
goal is to make its it's not exactly a
car it's actually a thing to maximize
enjoyment make us maximum fun okay
electronic like big screen laptop
ridiculous speed handling all that stuff
yeah do you you haven't got to put video
games in it you are yeah
is that's wise well what can you you
won't be able to drive while you're
playing the video game but we're like
for example we just we're just putting
the Atari emulator ROM emulator in it
yeah so we'll play missile command and
lunar lander and a bunch of other things
yeah that sounds cool it's pretty fun I
like that yeah and we improved the
interface of Missile Command because too
hard with the old track Bowl so this is
this is a touch screen version of
Missile Command so you have a chance do
you you have an old car don't you don't
you have like an old Jaguar yeah yeah
that's that's that 61 series 1 e type
dragger I love cars it's great yeah I
love old cars the only yeah the only to
get only 2 guessing cars I have of that
and an old Ford Model T that a friend of
mine gave me hmm that's my only two
gasoline cars is the Ford Model T all
stock well no there's your car
convertible car that's a good-looking
car yes
is that yours huh that is it's not mine
it's extremely close to mine that I
don't have a French license plate of
mine oh that's a beautiful car they need
that but mine looks like that God they
nailed that that's what mine looks like
they're good it's mine
there's certain iconic shapes yeah
and that there's there's something about
those cars too they're not as capable
not nearly as capable as like a Tesla
but there's something really satisfying
about the mechanical aspect of like
feeling the steering and the grinding of
the gears and the shifting there's
something about those that's extremely
satisfying even though they're not that
competent like I have a 1993 Porsche 964
it's like a lightweight it's not as in
the RS America it's not very fast it's
not like in comparison to a Tesla and
that but the thing about it is like it's
mechanical you feel it everything's like
it's it gives you this weird thrill like
you're on this clinky ride and there's
all this feedback there's something to
that yeah yeah absolutely I mean yeah my
e type is like basically no electronics
yeah it's just you like that but you
also like electronics yes Tesla soup
it's like the far end of electronics yes
drives itself it's driving itself better
every day
yeah it's we're about to release the
software that will enable you to just
turn it on and it'll drive from highway
on-ramp to Iowa exit do lane changes to
overtake other cars choose go from one
interchange the next if you get on say
the 405 and get off get off 300 miles
later and go through several highway
interchanges and just overtake other
cars and hook into the nav system and
then you're just meditating oh yeah I
was just traveling all right it's kind
of eerie it's kind of eerie what did you
think when you saw that video that dude
falling asleep behind the wheel I'm sure
you've seen it the one in San Francisco
he's like right outside of San Jose
dudes out cold like this the cars in
bumper-to-bumper traffic moving along
yeah have you seen it right yeah yeah we
that's I think an old video we can
software where if you don't touch the
wheel it will gradually slow down
I put the emergency lights on and wake
you up oh that
hilarious yeah that's hilarious yeah can
you choose what voice wakes you up well
it's sort of more of a it sort of honks
honks yeah this should be like wake up
fuckface well ringing your fellow humans
we could we could gently wake you up
with a sultry voice ah that would be
good like something with a southern
accent hey why can't wake up sunshine
hey sweetie
won't you wake your like pic could pick
your right like what do you want yeah
just the Australian girl for Siri yeah
you wanted to seductive favorite Ian
what flavor do what you wanted to be
angry should be anything you want those
Australian prison lady genes now when
you when you program something like that
in is this in response to a concern or
is it your own yeah if you're do you
look at it and go hey they shouldn't
just be able to fall asleep let's wake
them up yeah yeah we it's like you know
we're like well you know people falling
asleep we've got to do something about
that right but when you first released
it you didn't consider it right you're
just like well no one's gonna just sleep
people fall asleep from the cars all the
time crash yeah at least our car doesn't
crash that's better it's better not to
crash man if I got fallen asleep in a
gasoline car they do all the time for
sure yeah I never crashing somebody yeah
in in fact the thing that really you
know got me to it's like man we better
get water-powered going get it out there
was a guy was in an early Tesla driving
down the highway and he fell asleep and
he ran over a cyclist and killed him and
cycling man if we had auto pilot we're
gonna run out of might have fallen
asleep but at least he wouldn't run over
that cyclist so how did you implement it
like did you just use cameras and yeah
programmed with the the system so that
if it sees images it slows down and how
much time do you give like yeah is the
person who's in control of it allowed
the program how fast it goes yes yeah
you can program it to be more or less
like more conservative look more
aggressive driver
and you can say what speed you want it
to what speed is okay I know you have
ludicrous mode you have douchebag mode
ha ha well it just cuts people off well
for for lane changes it's tricky because
if you're in like LA like unless you're
pretty aggressive right it's pretty it's
hard to change lanes it's hard to be
satnaam it's hard to be namaste yeah if
you want to hit that Santa Monica
Boulevard off-ramp I mean you got to be
a little pushy you gotta be a little
pushy yeah especially freeway angry yeah
a little angry they don't want you and
they speed up sometimes you know I think
people like overall a pretty nice on the
highway even in LA but sometimes they're
not do you think the neuro-link will
help that probably everybody been locked
in together this hivemind tunnels will
help but we're gonna have traffic
that'll help a lot yeah how many of
those can you put in there honey
that's thing about tunnels is you can go
3d so many levels
right so until you hit hell yeah but you
can go you can have a hundred levels of
tunnel there promise Jesus Christ I want
to be on 99 1999 negative 99 floors
oh this is one of the fundamental things
people don't appreciate about tunnels is
that there's not like roads the
fundamental issue with roads is that do
you have a 2d transport system and a 3d
living and workspace environment so
you've got all these tall buildings or
concentrated work environments and and
then then you want to go into this like
2d transport system where usually an
officially low density because cars is
per spaced out pretty far and and so
that obviously is not going to work
you're going to have traffic guaranteed
but if you can go 3d on your transport
system then you can solve old traffic
and you can either go 3d up with a
flying car or go through et down with
tunnels you can have as many tunnel
levels as you want and you can
arbitrarily relieve any amount of
traffic you can go further down with
tunnels then you can go up with
buildings you're ten thousand feet down
if you want
I wouldn't recommend it but what was
that movie with what's-his-face
Bradley Kuta Bradley Cooper Christian
know what the fuck's his name bad like
who was Batman
Christian Bale where he they fought
dragons him and Matthew McConaughey down
deep into the earth how how far deep
they go is that man yeah was yeah what
that man four dragons no bail arena fire
Rena fire
okay I saw that no but good I wouldn't
recommend something super far down right
Moulton we're yeah earth is a giant ball
of lava mm-hmm with a thin crust on the
top which we think of as like the
surface this thin crust and it's mostly
just a big ball of lava that's earth but
10,000 feets not a big deal have you
given any consideration whatsoever to
the Flat Earth movement haha
that's a troll situation oh it's not no
it's not you would like to thank you
because you're a super genius
haha but I as a normal normal person I
know there's people weigh down more than
me
and they really really believe they
watch youtube videos which go on
uninterrupted and spew out a bunch of
fuckin fake facts very eloquently and
articulately and they really believe
these people really believe I mean if it
works for them sure fine fine weird
though right
at this age where you know this
ludicrous mode in your car goes one
point nine seconds zero to sixty two
point two two point two which one's one
point nine that the next generation
roads room okay a standard edition yeah
I'm on top of this shit that's that's
what the standard edition so it's about
the performance package what performance
package yeah what the fuck do you need
maracas thrust upon it for real yes what
are they gonna burn nothing high ultra
high pressure compressed air whoa just
don't call gas thrusters they do you
have to have air tanks or they suck in
the air okay yeah it's a electric pump
well pump it up to like 10,000 psi and
how fast are we talking zero to sixty
how fast you want to go
I'm gonna go could make it Justine why I
want to go back in time could make it
fly you make it fly
sure do you anticipate that as being at
when you're talking about the tunnels
and then flying cars do you really think
that's gonna be real too noisy and
there's too much air flow so the fun
relation with flying cars I mean if you
get one of those like toy drones I think
of how much how loud those are and how
much air that they how much air they
blow now imagine if that's like a
thousand times heavier mmm this is not
gonna be make your neighbors happy your
neighbors are not gonna be happy if you
land a flying car in your backyard
it'll be very phallic on there or on
your roof they're just really gonna be
like what the data was annoying you
can't even look if you want a flying car
just put some wheels on a helicopter is
there a way around that like what if
they figure out some sort of magnetic
technology like all those Bob Lazar type
characters were thinking that was a part
of the UFO technology they were doing at
area 51
remember it didn't they have some some
thoughts about magnetics nope no
bullshit yes really yeah it does a
fundamental momentum exchange with the
air so you must you must accelerate you
this this like this there's a certain
you have a mass and you have gravity
gravitational acceleration and mass mass
times your mass times gravity must equal
the mass of air flow times the
acceleration of that airflow to have a
neutral force so it's impossible so my
own and then you won't move
but if okay if mg is greater than MA you
will go down and if M is greater than mg
you will go up that's how it works
there's just no way around that there is
definitely no way around it there's no
way to create some sort of a magnetic
something or another that allows you to
technically yes you you could have a
strong enough magnet
but that magnet would be so strong that
you would create a lot of trouble we
just suck cars up into your car just
pick up I mean you'd have to rappel off
of either material on the ground or in a
really nutty situation off of Earth's
gravitational field and somehow make
that incredibly light but that magnet
would cause so much destruction you'd be
better off with a helicopter so if there
was some sort of magnet road like you
have two magnets and they repel each
other if you had some sort of a magnet
road that was below you and you could
travel on that magnet Road that would
work
hahaha yes yes you could have a magnet
rode a magnet Road is that too
ridiculous
no it's what work so you can do that
dick ulis - right I would not recommend
it or not recommend that not good not
wise I think no no that no definitely
not
I think I was good I would cause a lot
of trouble so you put some time and
consideration into this other than you
know instead of like my foolishly
rendered thoughts so you think that
tunnels are the way to do it
Oh it'll work for sure that'll work yes
and you're these these tunnels that
you're building right now these are
basically just like test versions of
this ultimate idea that you have you
know it's just a hole in the ground
right we plate videos of it where you
just think you're gonna drop that hole
in the ground there's a sled on it and
the sled goes very fast like 100 miles
an hour plus yeah you can go real fast
you know fast as you want and then if
you want to go long distances you can
just draw the air out of the tunnel make
sure it's real straight draw the air out
of the tunnel yeah it's a vacuum tunnel
because the then and then depending on
how fast we're going to these wheels or
you could use air bearings depending
upon the ambient pressure in the tunnel
or you could
mag Leavitt if you want to go super fast
so magnet road yes
but underground magnet roads underground
manga otherwise you're gonna really
create a lot of trouble with because
those metal things so magnet rows the
way to go just underground you want to
go really fast underground you would be
in you would be maglev in a vacuum
tunnel mag in a vacuum tunnel magnetic
levitation innovation alters fun with
rocket launchers now I would not
recommend putting any company exhaust
gas in the tunnel oh ok so we're saying
come on right you have to pump it out
and you probably have a limited amount
of air in the first place like how much
can you breathe if you have to pump
oxygen into these cubicles in
pressurized pod to be like it like a
little tiny underground spaceship
basically like a airplane because you
have air in the airplane it's not
getting new air in it is it is yes
yeah they have a pump really yeah it
gets it from the outside yes
Wow I don't know and it's like it's at
the eros airplanes have it have it easy
because they essentially you can
they're pretty leaky but Jesus yappity
as long as the as long as the air pump
is working at a decent speed that backup
pumps have like you know three pumps or
4 pumps or something and and then that
then there's like business it exhausts
through the outflow valve and and
through whatever seals are not sealing
quite right usually the door doesn't
seal quite right on a plane this is a
bit of leakage around the door and and
but the pumps exceed the outflow rate
and then that sets the pressure in the
in the cabin now have you ever looked at
our engines and gone I could fix this
as you make up a design for a plane you
do yes a better design I mean probably I
think it is yeah who've you talked to
about this
and I've talked to friends friends
friends and I'm your friend girlfriends
you can tell me what do you got what's
going on well I mean an exciting thing
to do would be some sort of electric
vertical takeoff and landing supersonic
of some kind for article takeoff and
landing mean no need for a runway just
shoot up straight on the air and then
chop oh how would you do that when they
do that some military aircrafts correct
yes the trick is that you have a you
have to transition to level flight and
then you the the the thing that you'd
use for vertical tip will take over
landing is not suitable for high-speed
flight so you have two different systems
quite a lot you're saying thing about an
electric plane is that you want to go as
high as possible but you need a certain
energy density in the battery pack
because you have to overcome
gravitational potential energy
once you've overcome gravitational
potential energy and you're out yet at a
high altitude the energy use in cruise
is very low and then you can recapture a
large part of your the gravitational
potential energy on the way down so you
really don't need any kind of reserve
fuel if you will because you have the
energy of height gravitational potential
energy this is a lot of energy so so
once you can get hot high you but the
like the way to think about a plane is
it's a force balance so the force
balance so a plane that is not
accelerating is a neutral force balance
you have the force of gravity if the
lift force with the wings then you've
got the force of the one of the
thrusting device the the propeller or
turbine or whatever it is and you've got
the resistance force of the air now the
higher you go the lower the air
resistance is air density drops
exponentially but drag increases with
the square annex
beats of square the higher you go the
faster you will go for the same amount
of energy and at a certain altitude you
will you can go supersonic with less
energy per mile quite a lot less energy
per mile than an aircraft at 35,000 feet
because it's just a force balance it
makes sense though no I'm sure it does
now when you think about this new idea
of designing it mean when when you have
this idea about improving planes mm-hmm
are you gonna bring this to somebody you
just Chuck well I have a lot on my plate
right just what I'm saying I don't know
I don't know how you do what you do now
but if you keep coming up with these but
it's got to be hard to pawn these off on
someone else either egg hey go do a job
a good job with this vertical takeoff
and landing system that I want to
implement to regular planes the airplane
electric airplane isn't necessary right
now electric cars are important we solar
energy is important stationary storage
of energy is important these things are
much more important than creating
electric supersonic feet all also the
planes naturally you really want that
gravitational energy density for an
aircraft and this is improving over time
so you know it's important that we
accelerate the transition to sustainable
energy
that's why electric cars it matters
whether electric cars happens you know
later you know we're really playing a
crazy game here with the atmosphere of
the oceans without taking vast amounts
of carbon from deep underground and
putting this running this neat in the in
the atmosphere this is crazy you should
not do this it's very dangerous so we
should
we should accelerate the transition to
sustainable energy I mean this the
bizarre thing is that obviously we're
going to run out of oil in long-term you
know we're gonna there's only so much
oil we can we can mine it burn its total
article we must have assisted a
sustainable energy transport and energy
infrastructure in the long term so we
know that's the end point we know that
so why run this crazy experiment where
we take trillions of tons of carbon from
underground and put it in the atmosphere
and oceans this is an insane experiment
it's the dumbest experiment in in human
history why are we doing this it's crazy
do you think this is a product of
momentum that we started off doing this
when it was just a few engines a few
hundred million gallons of fuel over the
whole world not that big of a deal and
then slowly but surely over a century it
got out of control and now it it it's
not just our fuel but it's also the mean
fossil fuels are involved in so many
different electronics so many different
items that people buy it's just this
constant desire for fossil fuels
constant need for oil without yet
iteration of the sustainability the
things like oil oil coal gas what's the
easy money right it's easy money
so have you heard about clean coal huh
department's been tweeting about it's
gotta be real clean coal all caps
do you see used all caps clean coal um
well you know it's very difficult to put
that co2 back in the ground
it doesn't like being in solid form
energy that like some sort of a filter
giant building sized filter Sox carbon
out not here no you know it doesn't not
possible no no nope definitely not
fucked no we're not fucked
I mean this is a quite a complex
question right you know we're really
just when were to the more cob when we
take out of the ground and add to the
atmosphere and a lot of it gets
permeated into the oceans the more
dangerous it is like I don't think right
now I think we're okay right now we can
probably even add some more but the
momentum towards sustainable energy is
too slow like that there's a vast base
of Industry vast transportation system
like this there's two and a half billion
cars and trucks in the world so and and
that the new car and truck production if
it was a hundred percent electric that's
only about a hundred million per year so
it would take if you could snap your
fingers and instantly turn all old cars
and trucks electric it would still take
twenty five years to change the
transport base to electric makes sense
because how long does a truck car truck
last before it goes into the junkyard
and gets crushed about 20 to 25 years is
there a way to accelerate that process
like some sort of subsidies or some
encouragement from the government
financially well the thing that is going
on right now is that there is a an
inherent subsidy in any oil burning
device any any power plant or car is
fundamentally consuming the carbon
capacity of the oceans and atmosphere or
do you say atmosphere for short so like
you can say okay there's a certain
probability of something bad happening
past a certain carbon concentration in
the atmosphere and so there's some
uncertain number where if we put too
much carbon in the atmosphere things
overheat oceans warm up ice caps melt
ocean real-estate becomes a lot less
valuable
things underwater and and but it's not
clear what that number is but it's
definitely a scientist Woodall it's
really quite the scientist scientific
consensus is overwhelming overwhelming I
mean I don't know any serious scientists
actually zero literally zero who don't
think that you know that but we will
have quite a serious climate risk that
we're facing and so there's
fundamentally a subsidy occurring with
every fossil fuel-burning thing power
plants aircraft car frankly even rockets
I mean Rockets use up you know they burn
they burn fuel but there's just you know
with rockets there's just no other way
to get to orbit
unfortunately so it's the only way but
with cars there's definitely a better
way with electric cars and to generate
the energy do so with photovoltaics
because we've got a giant thermonuclear
reactor in the sky called the Sun it's
great sort of shows up every day very
reliable so if you can generate energy
from solar panels stored with batteries
you can have energy 24 hours a day and
then you can you know can send it to the
poles or near to the north with you know
high voltage lines also the northern
northern parts of the world tend to have
a lot of hydropower as well any way that
all fossil fuel powered things have an
inherent subsidy which is their
consumption of the carbon capacity of
the atmosphere and oceans so people tend
to think of like why why should electric
vehicles have a subsidy but they're not
taking into account that all fossil fuel
burning vehicles fundamentally are
subsidized by the cost the environmental
cost to earth but nobody's paying for it
we are going to pay for it obviously
in the future we will pay for it it's
just not paid for now now what is the
bottleneck in regards to electric cars
and trucks and things like that is it
battery capacity yeah I've got a scale
up production gotta make the car
compelling make it better than gasoline
or diesel cars make it more efficient in
terms of like the distance it can travel
yeah gotta be able to go far far enough
recharge fast and your Roadster you're
anticipating 600 miles is that correct
yeah yeah we what is it 600 miles is
that right now like if you driven one
600 miles now no we could totally make
one right now they would do 600 miles
but the thing is too expensive so it's
like the cosmetics more so well you know
just have a turn two kilowatt hour
battery pack and you can go 600 miles -
here what do you have now
330 mile range let's be planning what is
that in terms of kilowatts well that
would be for a Model S 100 kilowatt hour
pack we'll do about 330 miles maybe 335
but some people have hyper mild it to
500 miles hyper mild it well yeah I just
like go on 45 miles an hour or something
yeah they're like 30 miles an hour so
it's like on level ground with you pump
the tires up really well I'm gonna
smooth surface and and you can go for a
long time but do you like definitely
comfortably do 300 miles easier is fine
for most people usually 200 or 250 miles
is fine 300 miles is you don't even
think about it really is there any
possibility that you could use solar
power that solar powered one day
especially in Los Angeles I mean as you
said about that giant nuclear reactor a
million times bigger than Earth just
floating in the sky is it possible that
one day you'll be able to just power all
these cars just on solar power I mean we
don't ever have cloudy days if we do
this three of them well that the surface
area of a car is without making the car
like really blocky or having some like a
g-wagen yeah like
and just like I haven't look a lot of
surface area where like maybe like solar
panels fold out or something like your
eClass ha ha that's what we needed the
e-type yeah that the e Jaguar e-type was
a giant long hood that could be a giant
solar panel what the beginning of Tesla
I didn't want to have this like
unfolding solar panel thing they'd press
a button and it would just like unfold
these solar panels and like charge
recharge your car in the parking lot ah
yeah we could do that but I think it's
probably better to just put that on your
roof right and yeah and then it's gonna
be facing the Sun all the time because
likewise you're fucki be in the shade
you know coming the shade it could be in
a garage isn't bad yeah didn't a Fisker
have that on the roof the fisker karma
new generation 4 I thought believe it
was only for the the radio is that
correct yeah I mean I think it could
like recharge like 2 miles a day or so
did you laugh when they started blowing
up when they get hit with water do you
remember what happened they got that
what yeah the one they had a dealership
or oh yeah Fisker Carmen's were parked
was that like that with a flood and yes
yes when the the hurricane came in they
got overwhelmed with water and they all
started exploding this fucking great
video of it did you watch the video I
didn't watch the video but I did see a
picture of the I beat my ass off they
all blow up they got wet and they blew
up that's not good yeah we made out
battery waterproof so that doesn't
happen smart move
yeah there was a guy in Kazakhstan that
I think it was Kazakhstan that he he
just boated through a tunnel under an
underwater tunnel if I could flooded
tunnel and just turn the wheels to steer
and press the accelerator and it just
floated through the tunnel and he smiles
steered around the other cars you're
like that's a man it's on the Internet
what happens if your car gets a little
sideways like if you're driving in snow
like what if you're driving if your
autopilot is on and you're in like
Denver and it snows out and your car
gets a little sideways does it correct
itself just oh yeah well it's got great
tighter traction control but doesn't
know how to like correct do you know how
like oh yeah
send kick-out you know how to counter
steer oh yeah no it's really good it
knows how to do it yeah well it's pretty
crazy that's pretty crazy yeah so like
if you go in sideways he knows how to
correct itself generally what goes
sideways it won't know why not it will
correct itself before it goes sideways
even in black eyes yeah this videos we
could see the car the drive alone
traction control system is very good it
makes you feel like Superman it's great
you like feel like you can like it it'll
make you feel like this incredible
driver
I believe it yeah now how do you program
what we do our testing on like an ice
lake in Sweden oh really
yeah and like Norway and Canada and a
few other places Porsche does a lot of
that to the ceiling as well they do a
lot of their they do some of their
driver training school on these frozen
surfaces so you're just MacArthur is
with you like it or not and you have to
learn how to slide into corners and how
do we test well electric cars have
really great traction control because
the reaction time is so fast right so
the gasoline car you've got a lot of
latency it takes a while for the and the
engine to react and for the you know but
for elect electric motors incredibly
precise that's why you like you can
imagine like like you if you had like a
printer or something you you were Tony
you wouldn't have a gasoline engine
printer that we pretty weird or like a
surgical device it's going to be an
electric motor on the surgical device on
the printer gasoline engines gonna be
just chugging away
you're not going to have the reaction
time but to an electric motor its
operating at the millisecond level so it
can turn on track on and off traction if
you within like inches of getting on the
honest like they say driver patch of ice
it'll turn traction off and then turn it
on a couple inches right after the ice
like there's a little patch of ice
because in in in the frame of the
electric motor
you're moving incredibly slowly you're
like a snake it's you're a snail you're
just moving so slowly because it's it's
it can see it a thousand frames a second
and so like you say one Mississippi
it just thought about at things a
thousand times
so it's realized that your wheels are
not getting traction it understands
there's some slippery surface that
you're driving on yes and it makes
adjustments in real time yes and
milliseconds that would be so much safer
than a regular car yes it is just that
alone for loved ones you'd want them to
be driving your car yes the on-board
fuck regular motors that the SX and
three are to have the lowest probability
of injury of any cars ever tested by the
US government
Wow this is yeah but it's pretty funny
it's pretty crazy like we you know
people still sue us like they'll have
like some accident at 60 miles an hour
where they'd like twisted an ankle and
they salute what they sue like there
would be dead in another car they still
see us but that's to be expected it is
to be expected do you take that into
account with like the same sort of
fatalistic and you know undertones just
sort of just go up you gotta just let it
go this is what people do tell ya I've
got what it is quite a lot of respect
for the justice system judges are very
smart and they see they've as like I
haven't so far I've found judges to be
very good at justice because I like like
what like and juries are good too like
they're actually quite good you know
people you know you read about like
occasional errors in the justice system
let me tell you most the time they're
very good and like they're you know the
guy mentioned that crew fell asleep in
the car and you he wrote over a cyclist
and you know and and and that was what
encouraged me to get auto pilot out as
soon as possible
that guy sued us he sued you for fallin
asleep
yes you believe I
I'm not gonna keep blamed it on the new
car smell what yes he blamed him falling
asleep on your new car smell there's
some ways I'm like this is a real thing
that someone's as a lawyer that thought
that through in front of his laptop
before you wrote that up yes he got a
lawyer and he sued us and the judge was
like you this is crazy stop bothering me
No thank God yes thank God thank god
this judge out there with a brain judges
our judges are very good some of them a
lot of boys up the river in Pennsylvania
who was selling those kids out you know
about that story yeah
judge was selling young boys to prisons
he was like literally yeah literally
under bribes for he was was this an
elected judge or item he's like some
people have judges like actually a
politician no has elected judge this is
a very famous story who he's in jail
right now I think for the rest of his
life and he put away he he would take a
young boy would do something like steal
something from a store okay and he would
put him in detention for you know five
years something ridiculously egregious
and they investigated this history and
they found out that he was literally
being paid off was it by private prisons
is that what the the deal was there was
some sort of but anyway this judge is
two judges four judges kids for cash
scandal is what's called delaminate yeah
Common Pleas judges so I think they are
elected and who was paying them someone
it was proven to the point where they're
in jail now that someone was paying them
to put more asses in the seats in these
private prisons another payment to put
them in the youth center a million
dollar payment yeah I do think it's this
prisons thing is creating a bad instant
arc right yes but I mean that Judge is
in prison yes but I for people who think
perhaps the justice system it consists
entirely of judges like that I want to
assure you this is not the case the vast
majority of judges of
very good I agree and they care about
justice and they could have made a lot
more money if they wanted to be a trial
lawyer and instead they cared about
justice and they made less money because
they care about justice and that's why
their judges I feel that same way about
police officers yes like there's so many
interactions with so many different
people with police officers that the
very few that stand out that are
horrific we we tend to look at that like
this is evidence that police are all
corrupt and that I think that's crazy
no most most police are very honest yes
and and and and and like personnel that
I know of very honorable ethical people
yes and much more honorable ethical than
the average person that's my impression
that is my impression as well but and
that's not to suggest that we complacent
and assume everyone's honest and ethical
and obviously if somebody is is given a
a trusted place in society such as being
a police officer or a judge and they are
corrupted then we must be extra vigilant
against such situations yes and take
action but but we should not think that
this is somehow broadly descriptive of
people in that profession I couldn't
agree more
I think there's also an issue with one
of the things that happens with police
officers prosecutors and and anyone
that's trying to convict someone or
arrest someone is that it becomes a game
and in games people want to win yeah
sometimes people cheat yes yes I mean if
you know if you're a prosecutor shoot
you should not always want to win there
are times when you should like okay I
just should not want to win this case
and then you know like just pass on that
case sometimes people want to win too
much that is true I think also the
makeup becomes tough if you're if you're
like a district attorney you know you
use intend to sort of see a lot of
criminals and then your your view of the
world can get negatively yes you know
you have a negative you know you have a
negative view of the world because you
know you're just interacting a lot of
criminals but actually most of society
has not consist of criminals right and
how actually had this conversation at
dinner several years ago with just tree
of Tony I was like man I must sometimes
seem pretty pretty dark because
you know man there's some some terrible
human beings out there and he was like
yep and he was like dealing with some
case which consisted of a couple of old
ladies that would run people over
somehow for insurance money
it was rough like wow that's that's
pretty rough that's like it's like hard
to maintain faith in humanity if you're
a district attorney but but you know
it's only a few percent of society that
are actually bad and then if you go to
the worst say 0.1% of society or the
worst one in a thousand one in a million
you know like how bad is the millionth
worst person in the United States deep
damn bad like damn evil like you know
the the million thing like the millionth
or one in a million of evil is so evil
people cannot even conceive of it but
there's 330 million people in the United
States so that's 330 people out there
somewhere well by the same token there's
also 330 people who are incredible
angels and unbelievably good human
beings yeah on the other side but
because of our fear of danger we tend to
our thoughts tend to gravitate towards
the worst-case scenario yes and we want
to frame that and it's one of the real
problems with prejudice we want and
whether it's prejudice towards different
minorities or prejudice towards police
officers or anything it's like we want
to look at the worst case scenario and
say this is an example of what this is
all about and you see that even with
people how they frame genders some some
men frame women like that they get
ripped off by a few women and they saw
all women are evil some women get fucked
over by a few men all men are shit and
in this this is very toxic and it's also
it's a very unbalanced way of viewing
the world and it's very emotionally
based and it's based on your own
experience your own anecdotal experience
and it can it can be very influential to
the people around you and it's just it's
a dangerous way it's a dangerous thought
process and pattern to
it is it is a very dangerous build
parent I really think you know people
should give other people the benefit of
the doubt and assume that they're good
until proven otherwise
and I think really most people are
actually pretty good people nobody's
perfect
they have to be if you think vast
numbers of us they're just interactive
you just cook with each other constantly
yeah we have to be better than we think
we are yes there's no other way I mean
here are these weapons like but how many
times like nobody's presumably try to
murder you and you're nobody yes
nobody's like rifles right they're fake
flame throwers I'm not a flame thrower
now we got a real problem I'm gonna put
it on that side too I'm gonna leave it
for the guests yeah
Emily look man if I say something dad
fucked up it's right there to liven
things up for sure it's guaranteed to
make any party better yeah well that's I
mean that's the armed civilization
Theory right that a an armed community
is a safe and polite community yeah
Texas it's kind of true yeah I mean
people axes are super polite don't make
somebody angry yeah I know don't know
what's gonna happen
yeah it's not a good mood yeah piss
people off when everybody can have a gun
yeah off to just let that guy get in
your lane yeah yeah you know we got a
big test site in Central Texas near Waco
oh it's beautiful yeah SpaceX in
McGregor it's about 15 minutes away from
Waco that's close to where Ted Nugent
lives
Ted Nugent okay cool
yeah there's you know we have like lots
of fire and loud explosions and things
and people with that they're cool with
it they don't give a fuck out there
there's very supportive yeah you can buy
fireworks we you know your kids go to
school yeah it's you know it's dangerous
yeah but it's free it's great there's
something about that greatest that's
very enticing because of that it is
dangerous but it's also free right yeah
yeah I kind of like Texas actually well
I prefer it over places that are more
restrictive but more liberal because you
could always be liberal
it's like just because things are free
and just because you have a certain
amount of you know right-wing type
characters it doesn't mean you have to
be that way you know and honestly
there's a lot of those people that are
pretty fucking open-minded and let you
do whatever you want to do ryan's you
don't bother them yeah exactly that's my
hope right now with the way we're able
to communicate with each other today and
how radically different it is than
generations past is that we all just the
dust settles and we all realize like
like what you're saying that most people
are good most people are good
the vast majority yes I think you should
give people the benefit out for sure I
think you're right yeah you know what
could help that what mushrooms you think
they're delicious Yeah right
you know they're good for you too yeah
what do you see in terms of like when
you think about the future of your
companies what do you see is like
bottlenecks what's more I sure thank you
what do you see in terms of like
bottlenecks of things that are that are
holding back innovation is it regulatory
commissions and and people that don't
understand the technology that are
influencing policy like what what what
could potentially be holding you guys
back right now is there anything that
you would change yeah that's a good
question you know I wish I wish
politicians were better at science that
would help a lot that's a problem yes
there's no incentive for them to be good
at science there isn't actually you know
they're pretty good at science in China
I have to say yeah yeah the mayor of
Beijing is I believe an environmental
engineering degree and the deputy mayor
is a physics degree I met them and the
mayor says hang high is really smart and
you're up on technology what do you
think about this government policy of
stopping use of Huawei phones and
there's there's something about the the
the worry about spying is I mean from
what I understand from real tech people
they think it's horseshit oh I like
phone I don't know I don't know like the
government say don't you buy huawei
phones is that are you up on that wrong
no should we just plan in this idea well
I think like I guess if you're if you're
if you have like top-secret stuff then
you want to be pretty careful about what
hardware you use but you know like most
people do not have top-secret stuff
right and like nobody really cares what
porn you watch yeah yeah it's like
nobody actually cares you know so if
they do that's kind of on them it's just
like yeah like national spy agencies do
not care do not give a rat's ass what
porn you watch they do not care
so like what secrets does a national spy
agency have to learn from the average
citizen nothing well that's the argument
against the the narrative and the
argument by a lot of these tech people
is that the real concern is that these
companies like Huawei are innovating at
a radical pace and they're trying to
stop them from integrating into our
culture and letting this like right now
they're the number two cell phone
manufacturer in the world
okay Samsung's number one Huawei is
number two Apple is now number three
they surpassed Apple's number two and
the idea is that this is all have taking
place without them having any foothold
whatsoever in America they're in no
there's no carriers that have their
phones you have to buy their phones
unlocked through some sort of a third
party and then put okay so and the worry
is you know that these are somehow
another controlled by the Chinese
government the Communist Chinese
government is going to distribute these
phones and I don't know if it's the
worries economic influence that they'll
have too much power I don't know what it
is are you a you paying attention on any
of this not really you know I don't
think we should worry too much about
hallway phones you know maybe you know
our national security agencies shouldn't
have how well our phones maybe that's
mark but I think for the average citizen
it doesn't matter doesn't just like no
they're not - I'm pretty sure the
Chinese government does not care about
the goings-on of the average American
citizen is that is there a time where
you think that there will be no security
will be impossible to hold back
information that whatever bottleneck
will will let go we're gonna we're gonna
give in that whatever bottleneck between
privacy and ultimate innovation will
have to be bridged in order for us to
achieve the next level of technological
proficiency that we're just going to
abandon it and there'll be no no
security no privacy do people want
privacy because they seem to put
everything on the Internet well right
now we're confused but when you're
talking about your neural link and this
this idea that one day we are going to
be able to share information and we're
going to be some sort of a thing that
symbiotically create symbiotic and
connect down I think we really need to
worry about security in that situation
and we're sure that's like a security
repair amount sure yeah but also what we
will be is will be so much different
large our concerns about money about
status about what all these things will
seemingly go by the wayside if we really
become enlightened if we really become
artificially enlightened by some sort of
an AI interface where we have this
symbiotic relationship with some new
internet type connection to information
but you know what happens then
what what is important what is not
important is privacy important when
we're all gods ha ha I mean I think the
things that we think are important to
keep private right now right we probably
will not think our team right
information right what do you what do
you hide and most times what do we hide
I mean I think like I don't know maybe
it's like embarrassing stuff right there
are some stuff but
if there's actually like I think people
there's like not that much that's kept
private that people that is actually
relevant right that's people would other
people actually care about me think
other people care about it but they
don't really care about us and certainly
governments don't well some people care
about it but then it gets weird when you
when it gets exposed like Jennifer
Lawrence when those naked pictures or
her got exposed like I think in some
ways people liked her more they really
like oh she's just a person that just a
girl who likes sex and is just alive and
has a boyfriend and sends a messages and
now you get to look into it and you
probably shouldn't have but somebody let
it go and they put it online and alright
she seems to be doing okay he's a person
she's just you and me and it's the same
thing she's just in some weird place
where she's on a 35-foot tall screen
with music playing every time she talks
yeah I mean I'm sure she's she's like
not if not happy about it but she's
she's but she's clearly doing fine but
once this interface is fully realized
where we really do become something far
more powerful in terms of our cognitive
ability our ability to understand
irrational thoughts and mitigate them
and that we're all connected and some
sort of an insane way what do I mean how
what our thoughts on wealth our thoughts
on social status like how many of those
just evaporate and our need for privacy
may be our need for privacy would be the
ultimate bottleneck that will have to
subsea that will have to surpass I think
the things that we think are important
now will probably not be important in
the future but there will be things that
are important what was he more for
things that only might be some war of
ideas potentially I don't think Darwin's
going away right no one's gonna be there
no one will be there forever forever
yeah it would just be a different a
different arena different arena a
digital arena deferred arena
Darwin's not going away what keeps you
up at night
well it's quite hard to run companies
yeah especially car companies how do
they is quite challenging the car
business is the hardest one of all the
things you do yes because it's a
consumer-oriented like SpaceX and not
that SpaceX of SpaceX is no walk in the
park but but a car company is very
difficult to keep a car company alive
it's very difficult you know there's
only two car companies in the history of
American car companies that haven't gone
bankrupt and that's Ford and Tesla
that's it yeah Ford rode out that crazy
storm huh they're the only one I skidded
their teeth shoutout to the Mustang yeah
yeah by the skin of their teeth that is
interesting right same with Tesla we
barely survived how close did you get to
folding very close we are two thousand a
is not a good time to be a car company
especially a start-up car company and
especially an electric car company I was
like stupidity squared and this is when
you had those cool roadsters with the
t-top yeah with a target op yeah we had
like use a highly modified Elise chassis
the body was all completely different
but I was a super dumb strategy that we
actually did was read um was based on
two false premises one false premise was
that we'd be able to cheaply convert the
Lotus Elise and use that as a car
platform and that we would be able to
use technology from the slow company
called AC propulsion for the electric
drivetrain and the battery arm is the AC
propulsion technology did not work in
production and we ended up using none of
it in the long term none of it
we're to reason on everything and then
the once you add a battery pack an
electric motor to the cart got a heavier
30% heavier and validated the entire
structure all the crash structure
everything had to be redone nothing like
that I think it had less than 7% of the
parts were common with any other device
including cars or anything that's the 7%
yes everything including tires and
wheels bolts brakes yet even as hearing
well see the steering wheel was I think
the steering wheel was almost the same
yes the windscreen went went skating
right no I think it was clear is this
the same yes I think I think we were
able to keep the last one seven percent
so that's right basically every body
panel was different the entire structure
was different the we couldn't use the H
like the HVAC system the the view of the
air conditioner was a belt-driven air
conditioner so now we needed something
that was electrically driven we needed a
new AC compressor and all that takes
away from the battery life as well right
yeah we needed a small highly efficient
air conditioning system that fit in a
tiny car and was electrically powered
not belt driven it's very difficult how
much do those way but those cars the
Roadster
I think it was about 2,700 pounds I
still very dependent which version 26:52
2020 750 pounds something like that and
what was the weight distribution it was
about 50 well they were different
versions of the car so is about 55 on
the rear because it was rigged rear bias
right but not bad like considering like
a 911 which is like one of the most
popular sports cars of all time heavy
rear end bias well I mean yeah the 911
like a joke is like the registered
despite Newton not being on their side
yeah if you're fighting Newton it's very
difficult well it's like a you've got
this the moments of inertia on on a 911
don't make any sense they do once you
understand them once you don't want to
hang the engine off fast because not a
wise move you don't want to let up on
the gas when you're in a corner the
problem with up with a with a with with
something that's where the engine is
mounted over the rear axle
or off the rear axle towards the rear is
that your polar moment of inertia is
fundamentally screwed you cannot solve
this it's unsolvable you're screwed pull
them over to nurseries you're screwed
right like essentially if you spun the
car like a top that's your problem omote
of inertia you're just I promised I
wouldn't swear on this show by the way
really my friend tell that friend to go
fuck himself who told you not to swear
afraid I'm not a good friend
yes well I would realize you're fucking
Elon Musk
do whatever you want ma'am if you ever
get confused call me elsewhere in
private square up a storm just say
frickin it's fun Wade there's like old
house mom's have children
yes freaking thing yeah anyway like like
the Porsche it's kind of incredible how
well Porsche handle is given that it's
the physics yes the moments of inertia
are so messed up to actually still make
it work well is is incredible well if
you know how to turn into the corner
once you get used to the feeling of it
there's actual benefits to it you know
there are some benefits I enjoy I the
car I had before Tesla was there 911
okay I was nine nine seven or six yeah
seven yeah yeah great car man yeah I
mean particularly with all the Porsche
when they had the variable vanes the
turbo and yet didn't have the turbo lag
that was great yeah I was really great
the typical AG was is like you know if
you floor it like phone home call your
mom about an hour later the car
accelerates and super dangerous too
because in the real world start spinning
yeah yeah there's something fun about it
though like feeling that rear weight
kicking around you know and again it's
great efficient how good feel to it yeah
I agree but that's that's what I was
talking about earlier about that little
car that I have that 93 911 it's just
there's it's not fast it's not it's not
the best handling car but it's more
satisfying than any other car I have
because it's so mechanical it's like
everything about it like crack
holes and bumps and it gives you all
this feedback and I take it to the
comedy store because when I get there I
feel like my brain is just popping and
it's on fire it's like a strategy for me
now that I really stopped driving other
cars there I Drive that car there just
for the brain juice just for the the
inner the interaction I mean you should
try model SP 100 d I'll try blow your
mind up your skull okay
yeah tell me what to order I'll order it
one less P 100 d okay Jamie that's the
desolate car that I Drive okay
okay I'll get with the car you drive
okay it will player might have our skull
I believe you can I Drive a far greater
miles that's good for LA regular days
you'll never notice the battery never
never how hard is it to get like one of
them crazy plugs installed in your house
that difficult now it's super easy it's
like yeah it's like a dryer plug it's
like a dryer Rutledge didn't you come up
with some crazy tiles for your roof that
are solar paneled yeah yeah we're have
it on my roof right now actually
I'm just trying it out it's like it's
the thing it's it takes a while to like
test roof stuff because roofs have to
last a long time they're like you want
your luffa roof to last like 30 years
over a regular roof now that so there's
two versions is like the solar panels
you put on a roof so like depends on
whether your roofs new or old so if your
roofing roofs new you don't wanna
replace the roof you want to put like
solar panels on the roof right so that's
like retrofit you know and then we
trying to make the retrofit panels look
real nice and then but then the the new
product we're coming out with is if you
if you have a roof that's either you're
building a house or you're gonna replace
your roof anyway then you make the site
the tiles so have solar solar cells
embedded in the tiles and then it's
quite a tricky thing because you want to
not see the solar cell behind the glass
tile so you have to really work with the
glass and and and the land of the
various coatings and layers so that you
don't see the solar cell behind the
glass otherwise it doesn't look right
right so it's really tricky there is
Jamie and put it up there yeah and that
looks good see is there I see like if
you look close
you can see if you're zooming right you
can see the you can see the cell mm-hmm
but if you zoom out you don't see the
cell right well it looks clean though
like that's that's really hard because
you have to have sunlight go through
right but where to cut windows when it
gets reflected back out it doesn't it it
hides the fact that there's a cell there
now are those available to the consumer
right now well we have I think those on
that roof right there
yes that's amazing oh that looks good
yeah ooh I like that one smart
oh so you get that kind of fake Spanish
looking thing I like that's French slate
that's white people in Connecticut
smoking pipes look at that one yeah
that's badass dude so this will actually
work I believe you
so the the the solar panels that are on
that house that we just looked at is
that sufficient to power the entire home
it depends on your energy on how
pressure yeah yeah so generally yes I
would say it's probably for most it's
gonna vary but anywhere from more than
you need to maybe half like call it half
to 1.5 of the energy that you need
depending on how much roof you have
relative to living space and how
ridiculous you are with TV TVs no
problem and conditioning technician
ignition okay air conditioning is the
problem if you have an efficient air
conditioner and you don't and depending
on how like are you a conditioning rooms
when they don't need to be at
conditioned which is very common because
pain in the neck and it's like
programming a VCR it's like right now
it's just the blinking 12:00 also people
just like hell with that I'm just gonna
make it this temperature all day long
right I don't have a smart home where if
you're in the room then it stays cool
right yeah it should predict when you're
gonna be home and then cool the room the
rooms that you're likely to use with a
little bit of intelligence we're not
talking about like genius home here
we're just talking like elementary basic
stuff um
you know like if you could hook that
into the car like new as you're coming
home like there's no pulling the home
we're gonna come keeping the whole home
really cool when you're not there right
I can tell it you're coming home was
gonna cool it to the right temperature
right you have a net there that works
with your solar panels or anything like
that yeah yeah we do and we need to hook
it into the air-conditioning to really
make the air-conditioning work have you
thought about creating an air
conditioning system I know you have
trick question I cannot answer questions
about future pretend okay let's just let
it go we'll move on to the next thing
that would be an interesting idea yeah I
would say radiant heating all that good
ideas
now when you when you think about the
efficiency of these homes and you think
about implementing solar power and
battery power and is there anything else
that people are missing is there any
other like I just saw a SmartWatch that
is powered by the heat of the human body
and some new technology it's able to
fully power that way I don't know if
it's a fully or if it's like this watch
right here this is a Casio okay it's
called a pro tech and it's in like an
outdoors watch and it's solar-powered
okay and so it has the ability to
operate for a certain amount of time on
solar yeah so if you have it exposed it
could function for a certain amount of
time on solar yeah well you know like
there's the self-winding watches where
you know it's just got a weight in the
watch and as you move your wrist the
weight moves from one side to the other
and it winds the watch up that's a
pretty cool thing yeah yeah yeah it's
amazing that like Rolex is that it's all
done mechanically there's no batteries
in there there's no nothing yeah you
could do the same thing create a little
charger that's based on wrist movement
it really depends on how much energy or
watch uses you know what's fucked up
about that though we accept a certain
amount of like fuckery with those
watches like I brought my watch I have a
Rolex that my friend Lorenzo gave me and
I brought it to the watch door and I
said this thing's always fast I said
it's always like after a couple months
it's like five minutes fast they go yep
big yeah really it's just what it does
hold on I go so you're telling me that
it just is always gonna be fast these
like yeah it's just like every few
months you gotta like reset it seems
like they should recalibrate that thing
they can't they tried they say every few
months with it's four months or five
months or six months it's gonna be a
couple of minutes fast okay it seems
like they should really recalibrate that
because if it's always fast you know
delete those minutes you need to fucking
kick down the door at Rolex I know you
bitches are lazy it's kind of amazing
that you can keep time mechanically on a
wristwatch with these tiny little gears
it's amazing yeah I mean the whole
luxury watch market is fascinating I'm
not that involved in in in terms like I
don't buy them I bought them as gift so
I don't buy them for myself but when I
look at them online with this
million-dollar watches out there now
that are like they have like little
rotating moons and the stars and they
they live like look at this thing how
much is that one J these are fucking
preposterous
I like gears I just love them yeah I
think they're beautiful but there's some
of these people that are just taking it
right in the ass they're buying these
watches for like $750,000 Mike yeah
that's a Timex son nobody knows it's not
any better than some Casio that you
could just buy on look at that though
well here's the thing if you're a person
that doesn't just want to know the time
you want craftsmanship
you want some artisans touch you want
innovation in terms of like a person
figuring out how gears and cogs all line
up perfectly to every time it turns over
it's basically a second I mean that's
just there's this art to that that's
yeah I agree yeah it's not just telling
time hey I like this watch a lot but if
it got hit by a rock I wouldn't be sad
yeah it's just a watch it's a it's a
mass-produced thing that runs on some
quartz battery but those things that's
there's art yeah no I agree it's
beautiful yeah yeah
love it yeah there's something something
amazing about it it's a because it
represents the human creativity
just it's not just electronic innovation
there's something there's a person's
work in that yes you don't have a watch
on no ever I used to have a watch what
happened Mike what phone tells the time
so point what if you lose your phone do
you wait hold on sure let me guess you
are a no case guy that's correct
Oh living on the edge Tyson Neil
deGrasse Tyson was in here last week I'm
marveled his ability to get through life
without a case that's right you know he
takes his phone and he flips it in
between his fingers like like like a
soldier would do with his rifle really
he has roles that shit in between his
fingers okay marvelous Wow he says
that's the reason why they do it he said
will you look at someone who has a rifle
why would they do that why would they
flip it around like that right so that
when it goes to drop they have it in
their hand they catch it quickly yeah it
does with his phone he's just flipping
his phone around all the time I got that
in Mexico I was hoping it holds joints
does it do anything it seems to open he
just was a horse to hold good storage
storage things in there but like try to
put a joint in there close it you put
like one one blunt one but seems
pretentious you know that's the idea
behind it I bought it when I was in
Mexico because I figured it would be a
good size to hold joints says that a
joint
or is it a cigar yes no okay it's
marijuana
out of tobacco okay so it's like posh
plot Tobacco pot never had that yeah I
think I tried one once come on man
probably can't because stockholders
right
I mean it's legal right it's wholly
legal okay how does that work do people
get upset at you if you do certain
things backhoe and marijuana in there
that's all it is the combination of
tobacco and marijuana is wonderful first
turned on to it by Charlie Murphy and
then reignited by Dave Chappelle okay
plus whiskey haha exactly perfect
balances it out all the holes are drug
gets put grandfathered in well it's not
just a drug it's a drug that gets a bad
rap because you just have a little it's
great fine yeah a little sip here and
there and you just your inhibitions are
relaxed and it shows you true self and
hopefully you're more joyous and
friendly and happy and worried is the
people that can't handle it like the
real worry about people can't handle
cars and go zero to 60 in 1.9 seconds or
anything have you ever considered
something that like imagine if one day
everyone has a car that's on the same at
least technological standard as one of
your cars and everyone agrees that the
smart thing to do is not just to have
bumpers but to perhaps have some sort of
a magnetic repellent device something
some electro magnetic field around the
cars that as cars come close to each
other they automatically radically
decelerate because of magnets or
something well I mean our cars brake
automatically brake yeah yeah when they
see things yes but like a physical
barrier like well the wheels work pretty
well
wheels don't ya know pretty well
decelerated that's you know one point
one to one point two jeez that kind of
thing is your concern that one day all
your cars will be on the road and then
they'll still be
the regular people with regular cars 20
30 years from now
that'll get in the mix and beat them the
main problem yeah I think it'd be sort
of like it was a time of transition
where there were horses and gasoline
cars in the road at the same time it's
been pretty weird
Oh that'd be the weirdest yeah our
horses were tricky you know went back in
manehattan had like 300,000 horses you
figure like horse lives 15 years got
20,000 horses but dropping dead every
day or ever every year should say every
year 20,000 horses if there's 300
thousand horses in 15 year lifespan back
in the gangs in New York days that movie
yeah yeah that's a lot of dead horses
and then you needed a horse to move the
horse ryan they'll probably get pretty
pretty freaked out if they have to move
our dead horse do you think they know
what's going on yeah I mean it'd be like
pretty weird now my dragon is dead you
know horse around and I'm a horse I mean
do you ever stop and think about your
role in civilization do you ever stop
and think about your role in the culture
cuz me as a person who never met you
until today when I think of you you know
I've always thought of you as being this
weirdo super inventor dude who just
somehow or another keeps coming up with
new shit but there's not a lot of you
out there like everybody else seems to
be I mean obviously you make a lot of
money there's a lot of people that make
a lot of money you like that clock yeah
right this is a great clock yeah you
want one I'll get you one sure okay done
I like weird things like this oh this is
the coolest
it's TGT promotion what is is TGT
Studios TGT studios yeah to a gentleman
who makes all this by hand yeah it's
really cool my study is filled with
weird devices well get ready for another
one all right I'm sending it your way
well you want to werewolf to hook you up
alright I'll take one one a werewolf and
one o'clock coming up do you think about
your role in the culture because me as a
person who never met you until today
I've always looked at you and like wow
like how does this guy just keep
inventing shit like how do you how do
you keep coming up with all these new
devices and what do you ever consider
how on you a dream once that there was a
million Tesla's instead of like one
Tesla there was a million Tesla's okay
not chesley the car but Nikola oh yeah
sure and that in his day there was a
million people like him who were
radically innovative it was a weird
dream man was so strange and I've had it
at once results in a very rapid
technology innovation that's for sure
it's one of the only dreams in my life
I've had more than one time okay like
where I've woken up and it's in the same
dream I'm in the same dream and in this
dream
it's 1940s 1950s but everyone is
severely advanced there's flying blimps
with like LCD screens on the side of
them and everything's bizarre and
strange and it's stuck with me for
whatever it obviously this is just a
stupid dream but for whatever reason all
these years that stuck with being like
it takes one man like Nikola Tesla to
have more than a hundred inventions that
were patents right I mean he had some
pretty great pretty fucking amazing
ideas yes but there was early in his day
there was very few people like him yeah
that's true what if there was a million
like what in advanced very quickly right
but there's not a million Elon Musk's is
one motherfucker do you think I'm about
that you just try to not
[Laughter]
I don't think I don't think you'd
necessarily want to be me
well what's the worst part about you
people would like it that much
well most people wouldn't but they can't
be you so that's like that's like some
superhero type shit you know you
wouldn't want to be spider-man was sleep
tight in Gotham City
I hope he's out there doing his job it's
very hard to turn it off yeah what's the
hardest part like sound great if it's
done but what if it doesn't turn off now
I showed you the isolation tank and
you've never experienced that before no
I think that could help you turn it off
a little bit just for the night yeah
just give you a little bit of sleep a
little bit of perspective this magnesium
that you get from the water as well that
makes you makes you sleep easier because
the water has epsom salts in it but
maybe some sort of strategy for
sacrificing your biologic license in
your biological recovery time by
figuring out a way whether it's through
meditation or some other ways to shut
off that that thing at night like you
must have like a constant stream of
ideas it's running through your head all
the time getting text messages from
chicks no I'm getting text messages from
friends saying what the hell are you
doing smoking weed is that bad for you
it's legal it's got me improved
it's not you know I'm not a regular
smoker of weed how often you smoke it
almost never hmm I mean it's it's I
don't actually notice any effect well
there you go there was a time where I
think it was Ram Dass or someone gave
some Buddhist monk a bunch of acid okay
and he ate it and it have no effect on
him I doubt that I would say that too
but I've never meditated to the level
that some of these people out where
they're constantly meditating all day
they don't have any material possessions
and all of their energy
is spent trying to achieve a certain
mindset I would like to cynically deny
that I'd like to cynically say hey just
fuckin think the same way I do they just
hang out with flip-flops on and make
weird noises but maybe no you know I I
know a lot of people like weed and
that's fine but I don't find that it is
very good for productivity for you but
for me
yeah it's didn't mean I would imagine
that for someone like you it's not
someone like you it would be more like a
cup of coffee right you want your tay
yeah it's more like the opposite of a
cup of coffee it's like a cup of coffee
in Reverse Oh weed is yeah no I'm saying
you would like more more like will be
beneficial to you would be like coffee I
like to get things done I like to be
useful that is one of the hardest things
to do it'll be useful when you say you'd
like to get things done yes in terms of
like what are you getting satisfaction
when you complete a project when
something something that you invent
comes to fruition and you see people
enjoying it that feeling yes doing
something useful for other people that I
like doing it that's interesting for
other people yes so that do you think
that that is maybe the way you recognize
that you have this unusual position in
the culture where you can uniquely
influence certain things because of this
I mean you essentially have a gift right
I mean you would think it was a curse
but I'm sure it's been fueled by many
many years of discipline and learning
but you essentially have a gift and that
you have this radical sort of creativity
engine when it comes to innovation and
technology it's like you're just you're
going at a very high rpms all the time
what is that like this stuff I don't
know what would happen if I got into a
sensory deprivation tank I was trying it
sounds were concerning it's like running
the engine
with no resistance that is though maybe
it's not maybe it's fine I don't know
I'll try it I'll try it
have you ever is finded experimented
with meditation or anything yes what do
you do or what have you done rather and
we just sort of sit there and be quiet
and then repeat some mantra which acts
as a focal point it's dead still the
mind
I just don't mind but I don't find
myself drawn to it frequently do you
think that perhaps productivity is maybe
more attractive to you than
enlightenment and I or even the concept
of whatever enlightenment means like
what do you try to achieve when you're
meditating all the time
what view it seems like almost like
there's a franticness to your creativity
that comes out of this this burning
furnace and for in order for you to like
calm that thing down you got through you
might have to throw too much water on it
it's like a never-ending explosion like
what is it like I try to explain it to a
dumb person like me what's going on in
her never-ending explosion it's just
constant ideas just bouncing around yes
damn yeah so when everybody leaves it's
just Elan sitting at home brushing his
teeth just bunch ideas bouncing around
your head yeah whole time when did you
realize that that's not the case with
most people I think when I was I don't
know five or six or something I thought
I was insane why'd you think you're
insane
because it was clear that out people do
not what their mind wasn't exploding
with ideas all the time they weren't
expressing it they weren't talking about
it all day and you realized by the time
we were five or six like oh they're
probably not even getting this thing
that I'm getting
no it was just strange it was like hmm
I'm strange what my conclusion I'm
strange but did you feel diminished by
it in any way like knowing that this is
a weird thing that you really probably
couldn't commiserate with with other
people they would they wouldn't
understand I hope they wouldn't find out
because they might like put me away with
something you thought that for a second
yes when you were little
yeah and the other people away what if
they put me away like when you were
little you thought this yes Wow like you
thought that this is so radically
different than the people that are
around me if they find out I got this
stream coming in yeah Wow
but you know I was only like five or six
I don't really do you think this is like
I mean there's there's outliers
biologically you mean there's people
that are seven foot nine there's people
of giant hands there's people that have
eyes that are 2015 vision there's always
the outliers do you feel like you like
caught this like you have got some you
like on some weird innovation creativity
sort of wave that's very unusual like
you tapped into I mean just think of the
various things you've been able to
accomplish in a very short amount of
time and you're constantly doing this
that's a weird you're a weird person
right I agree yeah like what if there's
a million Elon Musk's well that would be
very weird woo yeah I'll be pretty weird
like right real weird definitely what if
there are millions euro kids oh the
probably is probably two million
I mean I think that's the case with a
lot of folks yeah I mean but like you
know my goal is like try to useful
things try to maximize it probably the
future is good make the future exciting
something you look forward to you know
you know with you know with Tesla we're
like trying make things that people love
it was like not think I can't
Howie how many things can you buy that
you really love that really give you joy
so rare so rare I wish there were more
things that's what we're trying to just
make things that somebody loves when yes
when you think about making things
someone loves like do you specifically
think about like what things would
improve people's experience like what
what would change the way people
interface with life that would make them
more relaxed or more happy you really
think like when you're thinking about
things like that is that like one of
your considerations like what what could
I do that would help people yeah I'd be
they wouldn't be able to figure out yeah
like like what are the set of things
that can be done to make the future
better like you know like so I think
that a future where we are spacefaring
civilization and out there among the
stars this is very exciting this makes
me look forward to a future this makes
me want that future you know the things
they need to be things that make you
look forward to waking up in the morning
you wake up in the morning you look
forward to the day forward to the future
a future where we are spacefaring
civilization and out there among the
stars I think that's a very exciting
that is a thing we want where as if if
you knew we would not be a spacefaring
civilization but forever confined to
earth this would not be a good future
that would be very sad I think want to
search you sure of the the finite
lifespan on earth itself in the solar
system itself that even though its
process
you know I mean how many how long do
they feel like this Sun and the solar
system is gonna exist how many hundreds
of millions of years well it's probably
if you're saying that when does the Sun
boil the ocean right about 500 million
years so is is it sad that we never
leave because in 500 million years that
happens is that what you're saying no I
just think like there if there are two
futures and one future is we're out
there among the stars and things we read
about and see and science fiction movies
the good ones are true we have these
starships and we're we're going to see
what other planets are like and we're a
multi-planet species and the scope and
scale of consciousness is expanded
across many civilizations and many
planets and many star systems this is a
great future this is a wonderful thing
to me and that's what we should strive
for hmm but that's biological travel
that's cells traveling physically to
another location yes do you think that's
definitely where we're going no yeah I
don't think so either I used to think so
and now I'm thinking more likely less
than ever like almost every day less
likely we can definitely go to the Moon
and Mars yeah
and we think we will go to that sport
belt and we can go to the moons of
Jupiter Saturn even get to Pluto
that'd be the craziest place ever if we
colonize Mars and retie reformed it and
turned it into like a big Jamaica
I mean imagine great it'll be great it's
patek what amazing all right we yes turn
the whole thing into Cancun well I mean
over time there wouldn't be easy but yes
it's you could just want you could warm
it up yeah you get a tear
get some water there I mean over time
hundreds of millions of years or
whatever it takes if you're multi-planet
species that would be amazing
well you found a species that's what
immediately
like air-conditioning sad I'm pro-human
me - yeah - I love humanity I think it's
great
we're glad as a robot that you love
humans because we love you too and we
don't want you to kill us and eat us and
I mean you know strangely I think a lot
of people don't like humanity gets hit
as a blight but I do not well I think
one of those that I think part of that
it's just they've been you know they've
been struggling when people struggle
they associate their struggle with other
people they never internalize their
problems they look to other people as
holding them back and people suck and
fuck people and it's just it you know
it's an Evelyn's never-ending cycle but
not always again most people are really
good most people vast majority this may
sound corny it does sound quite love is
the answer is the answer yep yeah it is
it sounds corny because we're all scared
you know we're all scared of trying to
love people being rejected or someone
taking advantage of you because you're
trying to be loving sure but if we all
could just relax and love each other
wouldn't hurt to have more love in the
world it definitely wouldn't hurt yeah
it'd be great yeah we should do that
yeah I agree mad really how do you fix
that you have a Love Machine no but
probably spend more time with your
friends and less time on social media
now deleting social media from your
applications from your phones and that
give you 10% boost to happiness was we
think the percentages I think probably
something like that yeah all right good
ten percent yeah I mean I mean the only
thing I've kept is Twitter because I
kind of like meet some means of getting
a message out you know right well that's
about it so far so good
well what's interesting with you you you
actually occasionally engage with people
on Twitter
yeah it's what percentage of that is a
good idea
haha go to questions in percent sorry
it's mostly I think it's unbalanced more
good than bad but there's definitely
some bad so do you ever hopefully the
good outweighs the bad
do you ever think about how odd it is
the weird feeling that you get when
someone says something shitty to you on
Twitter and you read it the weird
feeling there's a weird little negative
jolt it's like a subjective negative
jolt of energy they don't really need to
absorb but you do anyway won't fuck this
car welcome I mean there's a lot of
negativity on Twitter it is but it's a
weird it's in its form like the way if
you ingest it as if you're like you try
to be like a little scientist as you're
ingesting it you're like well weird is
this and I'm even getting upset at some
strange person saying something mean to
me it's not even accurate I mean the
vast number of negative comments so the
vast for the vast majority I just ignore
them the vast majority yeah
particularly now and again get drawn in
what good it's not good make mistakes
yes you can make mistakes make some
mistakes we're all human we can make
mistakes yeah it's hard and people love
it when you say something and you take
it back no I'd fuck you we saved it
forever fucking screenshot that shit
bitch you had that thought you had that
thought like well I deleted it not good
enough
you had the thought I'm better than you
I never had that thought you had that
thought you piece of shit look I saved
it I put it on my blog yeah I'm not sure
why people think that that anyone would
think that's a leting a tweet it makes
it go away it's like hello than the
internet for a while
yeah well it's even like anything is
they don't prefer you to be able to
delete it because the problem is if you
don't delete it and you don't believe it
anymore
it's really hard to say hey that thing
above I don't really believe that
anymore
I changed my way the way I view things
yes because people go well fuck you
alright have that over there I'm gonna
just take that I'm not gonna pay
attention that shit your rotors you know
it's on your permanent record
it's forever - we'll put this on your
permanent record
yeah it's like a tattoo you keep it oh
yeah yeah well it's it's this thing
where there's it's it's a there's a lack
of compassion it's a lack of compassion
issue people just like intentionally
shitty to each other all the time online
and trying to catch me it's they're more
trying to catch people doing something
that's arrested ball like a cop trying
to like get you know arrests on is his
record it's like they're trying to catch
you with something more than they're
logically looking at it thinking it's a
bad thing that you've done or that it's
an idea they don't agree with so much
they need to insult you trying to catch
you yeah I mean it's way easier to be
mean on social media than it is to be
mean in person yes waiter yeah it's
weird so it's not a normal way of human
interacting it's chilling they're not
supposed to be able to interact so
easily what people are not looking at
yes you would never do that you'd never
be so mean someone's looking in their
eyes and if you did you'd feel like shit
most people yeah unless you're sociopath
you'd feel terrible yes Elon Musk this
has been a pleasure yeah likewise really
has been an honor thank you for having
me um thanks for doing this cuz I know
you don't do a lot of long-form stuff
like this I hope I didn't weird you out
and I hope you don't get mad that you
smoke weed I mean bad it's legal
weird California this is elite just as
legal as this whiskey we've been
drinking exactly this is all good right
Cheers
thank you is there any message you would
like to put out other than loves the
answer because I think you really nailed
it with that yeah I think you know I
think people should be nicer to each
other and give people and give get more
credit to others and don't assume that
they're mean until you know they're
actually mean you know just
it's easy to demonize people usually
wrong about it a little nicer than you
think get people more credit I couldn't
agree more and I want to thank you not
just for all the crazy innovations
you've come up with and your constant
flow of ideas but that you choose to
spread that idea which is it's it's a
very vulnerable but it's very honest and
I it resident wrote me and I believe it
I believe it's true too so thank you all
you assholes out there be nice be nice
bitch alright thank you everybody thank
all right Lana good night everybody
[Music]